Add BigQueryToPostgresOperator (#30658)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow-providers-google/operators/transfer/bigquery_to_postgres.rst

    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

 ..   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 .. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

Google Cloud BigQuery Transfer Operator to Postgres
===================================================

`Google Cloud BigQuery <https://cloud.google.com/bigquery>`__ is Google Cloud's serverless
data warehouse offering.
`PostgreSQL <https://www.postgresql.org/>`__ is an open-source relational database management system.
This operator can be used to copy data from a BigQuery table to PostgreSQL.

Prerequisite Tasks
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. include::/operators/_partials/prerequisite_tasks.rst

.. _howto/operator:BigQueryToPostgresOperator:

Operator
^^^^^^^^

> Copying data from one BigQuery table to another is performed with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copying data from BigQuery table to Postgres table is performed with the
```

:class:`~airflow.providers.google.cloud.transfers.bigquery_to_postgres.BigQueryToPostgresOperator` operator.

Use :ref:`Jinja templating <concepts:jinja-templating>` with
:template-fields:`airflow.providers.google.cloud.transfers.bigquery_to_postgres.BigQueryToPostgresOperator`
to define values dynamically.

You may use the parameter ``selected_fields`` to limit the fields to be copied (all fields by default),
as well as the parameter ``replace`` to overwrite the destination table instead of appending to it.
For more information, please refer to the links above.

Transferring data
-----------------

The following Operator copies data from a BigQuery table to PostgreSQL.

.. exampleinclude:: /../../tests/system/providers/google/cloud/bigquery/example_bigquery_to_postgres.py
    :language: python
    :dedent: 4
    :start-after: [START howto_operator_bigquery_to_postgres]
    :end-before: [END howto_operator_bigquery_to_postgres]

Reference
^^^^^^^^^

> For further information, look at:

Reviewer 2: Hi @jbbqqf - just noticed we are getting the class name split across multiple lines in the documentation, is there anything we could do to fix it?

Author: @phanikumv I don't want to fix this issue in this PR. The diff is not the cause of the issue from what I can see on Airflow's latest online documentation (https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow-providers-google/stable/_api/airflow/providers/google/cloud/transfers/bigquery_to_mysql/index.html).

That said, this is how I would have done it:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/8479617/232556377-66269c1b-5a93-4f8b-8aed-1cfeef1d7085.png)
